receiving incoming transmission comm
link established what's up man and
you're refugees tucked in nice and tight
provide you can sidestep any more
surprises for our Confederate friends we
can keep away from those critters they
should have an easy to priority alert
backwater station under attack by
unknown alien organisms distress beacon
activated at 0 658 alerting Confederate
headquarters on Tarsonis standby for
incoming transmission we've already
received a distress beacon from
backwater and we'll take care of it you
just sit tight you'll be notified if
there's anything we think you need to
know damn listen if we wait for
Confederate reinforcements that stations
dust I'll hit out there now do what I
can you sit in some militia and we'll
save those folks trust me I had to see
you boys time to kick some serious butt
anytime you're ready
sounds fun let c be ready
been waiting on you
SCV ready SCV ready
you
thanks for the rescue we've been holed
up in these bunkers for days hiding for
dessert these things have been out here
a while but they could be pretty useful
oh yeah
sounds fun
lee dewyze
this is Jimmy covered
when i'm in ohio depleted
this better be tied file
anytime you're ready
mineral field depleted what's going on
Roger
online additional supply depots required
big job ah miss dear me I can't bill
here you want a piece of me boy
additional supply depots required should
be good commander
Oh what the hell did they do to that
command center whatever it is it ain't
natural burnet boys
receiving incoming transmission Marshall
Rena by destroying the vinyl Confederate
installation you and your men have
violated standing colonial law as a
right now you're all under arrest I
suggest you throw down your weapons and
come peaceably are you out of your mind
if we hadn't burned that damn factory
this entire colony could have been
overrun maybe if you had taken your
sweet time and getting here now I asked
you last the first time boy I didn't
come here to talk with you narrow down
their weapons yes he wouldn't be a
Confederate if he weren't a complete
pain in the ass
you